# LaTeX
app-text/texlive doc extra humanities science tex4ht xetex
app-text/texlive-core doc xetex
dev-texlive/texlive-basic doc
dev-texlive/texlive-bibtexextra doc
dev-texlive/texlive-documentation-base doc
dev-texlive/texlive-fontsextra doc
dev-texlive/texlive-fontsrecommended doc
dev-texlive/texlive-fontutils doc
dev-texlive/texlive-formatsextra doc
dev-texlive/texlive-genericextra doc
dev-texlive/texlive-genericrecommended doc
dev-texlive/texlive-htmlxml doc
dev-texlive/texlive-humanities doc
dev-texlive/texlive-langenglish doc
dev-texlive/texlive-langportuguese doc
dev-texlive/texlive-latex doc
dev-texlive/texlive-latexextra doc
dev-texlive/texlive-latexrecommended doc
dev-texlive/texlive-mathextra doc
dev-texlive/texlive-pictures doc
dev-texlive/texlive-plainextra doc
dev-texlive/texlive-pstricks doc
dev-texlive/texlive-science doc
dev-texlive/texlive-texinfo doc

app-text/evince dvi djvu
app-text/zathura-meta cb pdf djvu postscript
