# Accessory
xfce-base/thunar libnotify

# Document
dev-tex/abntex doc

# Games
games-emulation/snes9x netplay
games-emulation/epsxe gtk

# Multimedia
media-sound/amsynth jack

# System
app-laptop/laptop-mode-tools scsi
sys-apps/portage python3
app-emulation/qemu kqemu
app-portage/layman git cvs mercurial
x11-base/xorg-server udev
=virtual/udev-171 hwdb
app-emulation/wine oss
www-servers/apache userdir
gnome-base/gvfs gdu
sys-block/parted device-mapper


# Development
www-apps/redmine passenger imagemagick
dev-libs/boost doc
dev-games/ois doc
dev-games/mygui doc
dev-java/swing-layout source
gnome-base/librsvg -introspection
dev-lang/php apache2
sci-libs/libsvm tools
media-libs/freetype fontforge
dev-games/ogre tools doc
dev-games/cegui ogre lua zip
dev-java/sun-jdk jce doc
sys-libs/zlib minizip
dev-python/PyQt4 webkit
media-libs/sdl-mixer smpeg mod
sci-geosciences/mapnik geos gdal
sci-libs/gdal geos
dev-games/mygui tools plugins
